Add docs for github app agent for execution (#163)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/self-service-actions/self-service-actions-deep-dive.md

The `invocationMethod` object controls where Self-Service Actions are reported to.

The `invocationMethod` supports 3 configurations:

- [Webhook](./webhook/webhook.md)
- [Kafka](./kafka/kafka.md)
- [GitHub](./github-workflow/github-workflow.md)

### Invocation method structure fields

| Field            | Type      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Example values              |
| ---------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- |

> | `type`           | `string`  | Defines the Self-Service Action destination type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Either `WEBHOOK` or `KAFKA` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`           | `string`  | Defines the Self-Service Action destination type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Either `WEBHOOK`, `KAFKA`, `GITHUB` |
```

> | `type`           | `string`  | Defines the Self-Service Action destination type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Either `WEBHOOK`, `KAFKA`, `GITHUB` |
> | `agent`          | `boolean` | Defines whether to use [Port Agent](./webhook/port-execution-agent/port-execution-agent.md) for execution or not. <br></br> Can only be added if `type` is set to `WEBHOOK`                                                                                                                  | Either `true` or `false`    |
> | `url`            | `string`  | Defines the webhook URL where Port sends Self-Service Actions to via HTTP POST request. <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `WEBHOOK`                                                                                                                                            | `https://example.com`       |
> | `org`            | `string`  | Defines the GitHub organization name. <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB`                                                                                                                                                                                               | `port-labs`                 |
> | `repo`           | `string`  | Defines the GitHub repository name. <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB`                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `port-docs`                 |
> | `workflow`       | `string`  | Defines the GitHub workflow id to run (You can also pass the workflow file name as a string). <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB`                                                                                                                                       | `blank.yml`                 |
> | `omitPayload`    | `boolean` | Flag to control whether to send [`port_payload`](#action-message-structure) JSON string as additional parameter to the GitHub workflow (default: `false`). <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB`                                                                          | `false`                     |
> | `omitUserInputs` | `boolean` | Flag to control whether to send the user inputs of the Port action as isolated parameters to the GitHub workflow (default: `false`). When disabled, you can still get the user inputs from the `port_payload` (unless omitted too). <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB` | `false`                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `type`           | `string`  | Defines the self-service action destination type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Either `WEBHOOK`, `KAFKA`, `GITHUB` |
| `agent`          | `boolean` | Defines whether to use [Port Agent](./webhook/port-execution-agent/port-execution-agent.md) for execution or not. <br></br> Can only be added if `type` is set to `WEBHOOK`                                                                                                                  | Either `true` or `false`    |
| `url`            | `string`  | Defines the webhook URL to which Port sends self-service actions to via HTTP POST request. <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `WEBHOOK`                                                                                                                                            | `https://example.com`       |
| `org`            | `string`  | Defines the GitHub organization name. <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB`                                                                                                                                                                                               | `port-labs`                 |
| `repo`           | `string`  | Defines the GitHub repository name. <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB`                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `port-docs`                 |
| `workflow`       | `string`  | Defines the GitHub workflow ID to run (You can also pass the workflow file name as a string). <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB`                                                                                                                                       | `blank.yml`                 |
| `omitPayload`    | `boolean` | Flag to control whether to send [`port_payload`](#action-message-structure) JSON string as an additional parameter to the GitHub workflow (default: `false`). <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB`                                                                          | `false`                     |
| `omitUserInputs` | `boolean` | Flag to control whether to send the user inputs of the Port action as isolated parameters to the GitHub workflow (default: `false`). When disabled, you can still get the user inputs from the `port_payload` (unless omitted too). <br></br> Can be added only if `type` is set to `GITHUB` | `false`                     |
```
